README.md, before:

# Mini-Star-Wars-Database C++
It's a C++ Mini Star Wars Database with SQLite integration.

# TOOLS USED
IDE: Viual Studio 2022  
Database Engine : SQLite3 (Amalgamation Version)  
Database Management: DB Browser for SQLite  

# ACADEMIC INTEGRITY  
# 1 Architectural Guidance:  
For the integration between C++ Standart Template Library and SQLite C-API   
taken help from a technical tutor and it explained by them  
# 2 DSA Implementation  
While the concepts of unordered_map and pointer implementation were discussed   
and the final implementation and memory managament manually coded and verified by me  
# 3 TROUBLESHOOTING    
AI assisted to resolving of  specific configuration error like E1696 and MSB 4086  
# 4 LEARNING   
I have ensured to fully understanding of the underlying code and SQLite implementation.   

# Learning Outcomes  
Through this assisted project I successfully transioned the hardcoding data    
and gained expreince on managing C++ and SQLite  
<img width="1106" height="781" alt="Ekran görüntüsü 2026-02-02 113807" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2921ac9d-3d37-48e8-bf30-35d443dff2b0" />    
From Luke Skywalker to Mustafar

Commit message:

Clarify project description in README
Added clarification about project appearance on GitHub.

README.md, after:

# Mini-Star-Wars-Database C++
It's a C++ Mini Star Wars Database with SQLite integration.  
It looks like a C project on GitHub because SQLite's libraries written in C and it thinks it's C

# TOOLS USED
IDE: Viual Studio 2022  
Database Engine : SQLite3 (Amalgamation Version)  
Database Management: DB Browser for SQLite  

# ACADEMIC INTEGRITY  
# 1 Architectural Guidance:  
For the integration between C++ Standart Template Library and SQLite C-API   
taken help from a technical tutor and it explained by them  
# 2 DSA Implementation  
While the concepts of unordered_map and pointer implementation were discussed   
and the final implementation and memory managament manually coded and verified by me  
# 3 TROUBLESHOOTING    
AI assisted to resolving of  specific configuration error like E1696 and MSB 4086  
# 4 LEARNING   
I have ensured to fully understanding of the underlying code and SQLite implementation.   

# Learning Outcomes  
Through this assisted project I successfully transioned the hardcoding data    
and gained expreince on managing C++ and SQLite  
<img width="1106" height="781" alt="Ekran görüntüsü 2026-02-02 113807" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2921ac9d-3d37-48e8-bf30-35d443dff2b0" />    
From Luke Skywalker to Mustafar
